Updating docs related to Unified Job Submission (#118921)
Azure/azure-content: articles/machine-learning/how-to-use-automated-ml-for-ml-models.md

Column| Customization
---|---
Feature type| Change the value type for the selected column.
Impute with| Select what value to impute missing values with in your data.

> ![Azure Machine Learning studio custom featurization](media/how-to-use-automated-ml-for-ml-models/updated-featurization.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Screenshot showing Azure Machine Learning studio custom featurization.](media/how-to-use-automated-ml-for-ml-models/updated-featurization.png)
```

>     ![Select Explain best model from the Automated ML job configuration page](media/how-to-use-automated-ml-for-ml-models/best-model-selection-updated.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ![Screenshot showing the Automated ML job configuration page with Explain best model selected.](media/how-to-use-automated-ml-for-ml-models/best-model-selection-updated.png)
```
